very good to all boys and girls here
inside commenting and in this video
I'm going to bring a very good mission to
getting rp is really an activity
created by a kid called the
tarot that you will have with exercises that
what has happened here on Skype has
I've seen it tested and it 's amazing guy
the truth has worked hard enough and
well I'll have schümann in the inscription
in case you want to go and well I'm going to
explain what you have to do in
this mission is worth the first of all
most recommended is that matisse to your
friend a few times until you
raise a rpp indicator that gives you up
by 2.5 valve you will see that it gives you 1
then by 1.5 then by 2 then by 2
with 5 or something like that and well we have to
start killing all these dolls
It's worth to all these bald people who come out
here and you will have to kill them until
you see that they stop giving you that over 25
As you can see, there are more 25 plus 25 each time
you kill one and well once there
we just killed them all
you have to do will be picking up
briefcases and how you have to play the
activity yes or yes with a friend leave
your idea here below in the
comments to be able to help each other
all and well the most important thing is for
I'm worth it for you to win the 2 rp so much
you as your friend so you can take one
to all the briefcases and another that takes
all briefcases -1 for example as
you see here I in the first round I'm going to
take all the briefcases in the second
round my friend will take all the
briefcases and so on you can
play up to seven rounds so the
rp is going to be very vast what you
can give that can give you about twelve thousand
altogether or twelve thousand per round or something like that
because for every briefcase it's fine if bad
I do not remember let's check it out here yes
I think it gives 100 for each bag has
been good guys the truth is a
pretty good activity remember that the
you will have here below in the description and
is for ps3 but good without xbox the one
today for sure if you believe it
one of you will have the same
functionality so nothing guys yo
Here I leave you with a little more games
but that you subscribe jce that says
like and nothing see you in the next
goodbye video